c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\algebra_test.dll
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\algebra_test.pdb
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\algebra_test_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.g.resources
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.dll
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.pdb
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\Users\wirasetiawan29\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\algebra_library.dll
c:\Users\wirasetiawan29\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\Bin\Debug\algebra_library.pdb
c:\Users\wirasetiawan29\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\algebra_test\algebra_test\obj\Debug\algebra_test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
