c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.g.resources
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.dll
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.pdb
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp_Debug_ARM.xap
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Sqlite.winmd
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\Bin\ARM\Debug\Sqlite.dll
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.dll
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\SQLiteSampleApp.pdb
c:\users\wirasetiawan29\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\wirasetiawan29\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\Views\AddContact.g.cs
C:\Users\wirasetiawan29\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SQLiteSampleApp\SQLiteSampleApp\obj\ARM\Debug\Views\Delete_UpdateContacts.g.cs
